How much progress do you think you've made in English this year, Lingling?
I think I've achieved a lot.
I hope my English is good enough for the exams anyway.
It's also the subject that I'm best at, although my spoken English is not that good.
I can see you really enjoy learning English.
Some people think English is too difficult, and it requires too much effort to learn
it well.
English is difficult to learn at the beginning, but if you keep trying, you can make progress
quickly and find a lot of fun in learning it.
I hope I can continue to make progress next year.
I think you've done really well.
Have you ever been to an English corner?
You mean those clubs where people go to practice their English?
I always thought they were for people who speak good English already.
Well, I went to an English corner once, and there were some people who didn't speak
English very well, but they were happy to try, and other people, including some English
speakers from the UK and the US, were happy to talk to them.
I don't have to go to an English corner.
I can speak English with you whenever we meet.
Yes, I'm always happy to speak to you in English.
At the same time, you can also help me with my Chinese.
I think Chinese will be more and more popular in the future.